all right welcome in for our first our
premier version I guess this is what we
would call the prototype or the pilot so
to speak of our version of the newlywed
game I am NOT Bob Eubanks I'm Billy
Jaffe being joined by Henrik and Daniel
sitting and the only way that I know
that is because I've looked up here
thankfully they made some cheat sheets
for me over here so I know who I'm
talking to all right guys so you even
know we talked before we got on camera
here we you guys know what this game is
all about right yes all right and you
haven't done this before have you
no they got this TV show back in Sweden
so we know what you know what it's about
all right so without further ado let's
get going Henrik I'm gonna start with
you five questions each of you you've
got your brothers answers Henrik your
favorite color is red and your brother
is correct one for him by the way the
prize I don't know what the heck it is
maybe just satisfaction I'll take this
okay there you go the NHL mugs yes a our
collector's editions trust me we I know
that all right your favorite food is
sushi oh interesting what type of sushi
everything you're in a good market for
yes oh yes all right outstanding Henrik
the name of your first girlfriend that
would be like my first serious one will
be Johanna Oh
Daniel knows you well he's got to either
that he's got a good memory
either that or remembers your first
girlfriend Jim all right Henrik who's
the goaltender against you whom you
scored your first NHL goal the name of
the goal you scored against for your
first NHL goal Curtis Joseph that was my
eye on you mr. Oliver oh yeah it's a
little luck you saying right there well
yeah the ducked of reasoning it alright
the last question so he's good he's good
right now I will see if he's the Smart
City what is the most annoying trait or
habit that you possess according to
hammer or who's talking him like what do
you what's your most yeah I mean what do
you want what do people consider your
most annoying habit if you asked Daniel
oh you did so I gotta say I on the road
I put the alarm if we fear is too
supposed to be up at 9:30 I put alarm in
seven o'clock eight o'clock and 9
o'clock so I can go back to sleep again
that's pretty annoying sets the alarm
two hours early and you know what we're
gonna give them that correct right there
you have alarm in it I'm gonna have a
hard time disagreement yeah yeah
twenty minutes is one thing two and a
half hours is another and he's very
proud of it to me I look always like
earlier I can sleep in I don't know
we're early epoch enslavement all right
I like but you're never gonna be late
for the bus
no never no all right punch will stuff
good five four five four the the brother
over there Daniel are you ready for the
question yes ready with the answers yeah
this one I want to know who asked this
question what is your favorite or lucky
number yeah I guess I turn into I'm
embarrassed that we asked that question
right now and the answer is 22 all right
nice and easy
what is your favorite meal of the day I
like my steak but I'm gonna say a
breakfast breakfast and it is and you
know why it is because you're up two and
a half hours early so you can always get
the breakfast you miss breakfast what
are you gonna have to breakfast go back
you lose money with you on the buffet
I'm sure what is the model or the
name-brand of the first car that you had
Mulla safest car in the world the is
there any other car - sweet Soho ball
right now solid solid
all right all right well we'll ask later
which car you guys dropped who assisted
on your first NHL goal I'm gonna say
chunk louts I'm henrik sedin
Wow I put my name on it oh of course
good enough for you at least right yeah
who needs strength hold against them all
right all right so we'll get you know
what you had one benefit of the duck
I'll give him one all right what is the
most annoying habit that you possess
might sound livid Dumbo I'm pretty
stressed out about being late so make
sure I'll make sure I'm early but that's
the most annoying habit he possesses
well not really no I only know I like to
do
fall back asleep that's not that's my
only thing like I set the alarm at seven
o'clock can I fall back so setting the
alarm is the biggest thing yeah but you
like more like everyone yeah if the bus
is gone we leave at 10:15 my good online
30 to make sure I'm there I can't be
like tam-tam what's your answer I didn't
put 9:30 I didn't put 45 minutes or if I
put 20 minutes there always has to be
early yes well give it t is what you
guys actually do know each other imagine
that I let's before we go let's talk
about this so you'd like to go back to
sleep you like to be early
what's an argument like between the two
of you especially when you're tired when
you don't get it sleep and you're
running late it's easy we wake up he
calls for breakfast
he goes to shower I sleep for another
half hour and I'm gonna go back and go
down together
yeah we're yeah and some pretty good
yeah and are you ever late I've been
late we've been late once yeah he tells
that story see in Detroit or maybe a
second year first year at the first year
we were our alarm didn't cough like it
should have but Marc Ruel from us our
our coach he wasn't too happy and we got
a lot of a lot of things being said
about us on the bus but I guarantee it
was his fault it was a bunch of that
alright guys great job on the first and
perhaps only NHL newlywed twin game well
we can match other no let's not go there
anyways maybe in Sweden it's okay we
know you drive Volvos and sobs but
otherwise let's stick to this dance we
thanks for joining us guys thank you